we got one of those trooper birds
for does what's up man i'm going to try
said look for one in 64 i'm at 64 m 4
and I when I have ended in 64 here we go
me in 2010 shuttle thread Reggie Bush
499 Reggie Wayne 299 and we have brett
favre the waynebow matt ryan and dexter
mccluster mantari Hardesty Brandon
LaFell six of 36 conference honors
okay not even a base bear in there
denmark I swear 499 Michael Turner 299
randy moss miles austin Anquan Boldin
dang got him yesterday the one said car
by the way everyone I was joking I
thought that was pretty easy to know
that carves did for Carolina anyway 1450
rookie card Brandon LaFell so far in
this with all rookies
thank all rookies as a matter of first
few can you do there you have a dog no
bears what can do man I appreciate it
buddy I'll get him right out see ya